	Django

	Also know as MVC (Mmodel, view, Controller) but Django states it as MTV wher T is template that stores html css.
	To solve a complex or unstructured program we use MVC.
	Mosltly uysed architectire.
	
	Model : codes for database are kept in model.
	View : Front end. what user sees
	controller: to makecommunication between model and view because model and view cannot deirectly communicate with one another.

	User accesses the browser
	Browser sends http request.
	Url (Router,Web) used for mapping and stores multiple url's 
	Controller or View : Consists of multiple controller and inside one controller multiple functions.
	
	First user enters url and this url is sent to URL block that calls a funtion in controller block then one of the controller inside controller block sends 
	a render request along with file name like index.html and data context(payload) to Template that has files such as index.html or contact.html. Then the file is viewed.
	
	Controller cannot access the db directly, has to go through model . Thenn the model accesses the database and sends the data to the controller funtion.

	Jinja: Language used for Templating.

	

	MODEL:
		ORM : Object Relation Mapping.
			
			- is a tool that is used for mapping DB.
			- One of the mostly used technology.
			- Used when we need to switch between two codes. Eg if We have to switch between MySQL to Oracle.
			- In ORM we do not directly write the code in MySQl and use High level program where we make class and call object.
			- Then map this class into Relation ---> Table.
			- So then this Program in HLL is converted to SQL This process is called migration.
			- Then The SQL is converted to DB . This process is konw as migrate.

	ORM use in Django ---> Django ORM.

	Virtual Environment:
			- package Virtualenv
			- Here we create a Virtual environment and packages are installed in this env and is activated.
			- Then to remove or uninstall these package we deactivate the environment.
			- This eliminates the problem of manually uninstalling each and every packages as packages can be a lot.
			- Packages eg; pip install pillow or pip install jupyter-notebook


		TO CREATE A PROJECT IN DJANGO
				- We use following command
					1. django-admin startproject blog.  blog is project name.
					2. Navigate to a blog file i.e cd blog in cmd
					3. Then command Python manage.py runserver that creates a local server.
						 Then server is created.
						ctrl+c to stop server
						 here ftp://127..2.21:8000 is a default port address and sometimes 8000 port can be unavailable when using apps like skipe or other.
						 Then go to browser and type local:8000
	
			Note : db.sqlite3 is a default lite weight Db that is only used for production we need to upgrade to stronger DB when developing a project.
				In cmd 17 unapplied migration means that python has created class and object for these. For this we stop the server and then type "python manage.py migration" 
				then we again run the server "python manage.py runserver"
				
					4. Now in browser type local:8000/admin and it asks for credentials
					5. To create a user : "python manage.py createsuperuser"

					6. create the new app
						python manage.py startapp news. here news is app_name

			Blog is a project and new is one of the app of a project.
				- The blog does not recognize the app news initially so we must go to setting.py and in INSTALLED APPS we need to add news app by typing 'news',


		Note: To recognize a app file we check for __init__py file inside the file.

		To get a python cell in Pycharm
				python manage.py shell
		
		
			